- [Instructor] We have set up our transaction manager
to handle message consuming and listening.
Let's take this a step further by demonstrating
how these messages could be persisted
into a dead letter queue.
In our JmsConfig class, we will add a new
Spring being of JmsTemplate.
After our platform transaction manager,
type public JmsTemplate
jmsTemplate,
and inside, we'll instantiate a new JmsTemplate class.
In the constructor, we're going to
pass our connection factory.
We're also going to ensure that our JmsTemplate is
using the message converter that we have specified.
We're gonna pass in our jackson message converter.
Next, we need to ensure that messages are persistent.
By default, these messages are not persistent,
which means if a messages are not read in
a couple of seconds, they'll automatically
disappear off the queue.
For our purposes, and for seeing messages fall into
a dead letter queue, we want them to be persistent.
We're gonna type jmsTemplate.setDeliveryPersistent,
and we'll say that's true.
The last thing we'll do is ensure that the jmsTemplate
has a set session transacted
to true, and this will enforce
the use of our platform transaction manager.
Then we're going to return our jmsTemplate.
Next, we're gonna add a logger to the top of this class.
We'll just do that real quickly.
Private static final Logger,
again, using our sf4j logger,
we'll call it LOGGER
equals LoggerFactory.getLogger.
And we'll use our class name.
Next, we want to add a error handler to
our default Jms listener container factory.
We'll come in here, we'll type
factory.setErrorHandler,
and we'll say t.
Inside of here, we'll type our LOGGER.info,
and we'll just say, "Handling error in listener
for messages, error is,"
and we'll just say t.getMessage.
This will ensure that our error handler is
populating messages appropriately.
With these done, we want to
simulate an exception occurring.
The easiest way to set this condition,
that we can simply throw a new runtime exception.
So let's go to our warehouse receiver class
and simulate an exception.
Using your imagination, maybe you would have
some sort of data processing that occurs
that might throw an exception.
Maybe you do a validation check on the data
and throw a custom exception if the data
does not meet your standard.
Let's create a validation check for books that
start with the letter L.
We're going to force a runtime exception to be thrown.
I know it's silly, right, but this can demonstrate
how a processing error could be caught
and the transaction could be rolled back.
So we'll type if the book order, get the book,
get the title, starts with the letter L.
Then we're going to throw a new runtime exception,
and we'll just say that the order ID is
from the book order, get the book order ID.
And then we'll also add some more details
and we'll say begins with L,
and these books are not allowed.
Let's compile, run our program, and see what happens.
With it compiled, let's open up our application.
Go to localhost.
Let's refresh the page.
We have a book already set here starts with an L.
Let's select Lord of the Flies, hit submit.
Wow, did you see the error handler hit out?
It says it's listening for messages.
Error, listener message, so forth,
threw an exception, and here it is.
Order ID begins with L; these books are not allowed.
Let's open up our ActiveMQ server.
We'll click on Queues, and notice what you see.
ActiveMQ has created a default
ActiveMQ dead letter queue.
Clicking on the message, you see that
the message is persistent.
But we also see that the message was delivered
seven times, or it was attempted seven times.
This tells us that the message was rolled back,
put on the queue, attempted again.
Rolled back, put on the queue, attempted for six times.
On the seventh time, the message was put into
a default dead letter queue.